Add unicode datetime attribute (#33)
lyft/pynamodb-attributes: README.md

- `TimestampAttribute`, `TimestampMsAttribute`, `TimestampUsAttribute` – serializes `datetime`s as Unix epoch seconds, milliseconds (ms) or microseconds (µs)
- `IntegerDateAttribute` - serializes `date` as an integer representing the Gregorian date (_e.g._ `20181231`)
- `UUIDAttribute` - serializes a `UUID` Python object as a `S` type attribute (_e.g._ `'a8098c1a-f86e-11da-bd1a-00112444be1e'`)
- `UnicodeDatetimeAttribute` - ISO8601 datetime strings with offset information

## Testing

The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally you can run the dynamodb local container like so:
```shell
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local

> pytest ./tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pytest tests
```

> The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally you can run the dynamodb local container like so:
> ```shell
> docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local
> 
> pytest ./tests
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally, make sure [DynamoDB Local](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/DynamoDBLocal.html) is running. It is available as a standalone binary, through package managers (e.g. [Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/cask/dynamodb-local)) or as a Docker container:
```shell
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local
```

Afterwards, run tests as usual:
```shell
pytest tests
```
```

> The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally you can run the dynamodb local container like so:
> ```shell
> docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local
> 
> pytest ./tests
> ```

Reviewer: Wish we could make it less Docker-specific
```suggestion
The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally, make sure [DynamoDB Local](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/DynamoDBLocal.html) is running. It is available as a standalone binary, through package managers (e.g. [Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/cask/dynamodb-local)) or as a Docker container:
```shell
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local
    ```

Afterwards, run tests as usual:
```shell
pytest tests
    ```
```
had to mangle the backticks so it won't terminate the suggestion :(

Author: We could move the repo to use [`moto`](https://github.com/spulec/moto) and not have to rely on `docker`.

Reviewer: I'll do it in a follow up.

- `TimestampAttribute`, `TimestampMsAttribute`, `TimestampUsAttribute` – serializes `datetime`s as Unix epoch seconds, milliseconds (ms) or microseconds (µs)
- `IntegerDateAttribute` - serializes `date` as an integer representing the Gregorian date (_e.g._ `20181231`)
- `UUIDAttribute` - serializes a `UUID` Python object as a `S` type attribute (_e.g._ `'a8098c1a-f86e-11da-bd1a-00112444be1e'`)
- `UnicodeDatetimeAttribute` - ISO8601 datetime strings with offset information

## Testing

The tests in this repository use an in-memory implementation of [`dynamodb`](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb). To run the tests locally, make sure [DynamoDB Local](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/DynamoDBLocal.html) is running. It is available as a standalone binary, through package managers (e.g. [Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/cask/dynamodb-local)) or as a Docker container:
```shell
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 amazon/dynamodb-local

>     ```

Reviewer: Just fix those :)

I had to offset it due to a GitHub bug
